Mahin Khan

Day 1: 5/4/17
	Goal: Today, I will begin some research on chatrooms and also begin reviewing JavaScript.
	I read some pages about chatrooms and looked at some of my old projects to jog my memory
	about JavaScript.
Day 2: 5/5/17
	Goal: Today, I will begin reviewing HTML and CSS.
	I did begin reviewing HTML and CSS by looking at my old projects, but then there was a 
	change of plans. Instead of writing in JavaScript, we decided we would write in Java and 
	not just make a text-based chatroom, but a chat with voice functionality. I viewed some 
	videos about making a chatroom and also looked at some pages on how to use Vaadin. My goal
	for Monday is to continue research and proceed to working on the front end.
Day 3: 5/8/17
	Goal: Today, I will research how to make audio calls with Java.
	I began researching how to make audio calls in Java by looking at some videos and web pages.
	There wasn't much I saw on how to make video chat with Java, but I saw how the products looked
	like, and that could be inspiration or a guide for how our product could look. I also looked at 
	information about Google App Engine and Vaadin.
	My goal for tomorrow is to look at how to use Vaadin and Google App Engine. 
Day 4: 5/9/17
	Goal: Today, I will try to think of an aspect to add to the chat program.
	I looked up how to upload images with Java to a server and how to change font size by watching
	several videos and reading web pages. I also looked at more examples of chat programs and found 
	more ways to design the chat program. 
	My goal for tomorrow is to focus on a specific part of the project to work on.
Day 5: 5/10/17
	Goal: Today, I will continue researching how to upload images.
	I continued to research how to upload images. I learned that a file-chooser can be used to do this.
	I looked up the errors that could arise from uploading images into a chat program, such as IOException
	and ClassNotFoundException. I also began looking up absolute path, which could be relevant to displaying
	images from the image receiver side.
	My goal for tomorrow is to continue researching and discussing the implications of image uploading.
Day 6: 5/11/17
	Goal: Today, I will look at the front end portion of the client and server side code and see how to modify it.
	I looked at ways to store images into databases. The usual way to do that is to store the directory of the image.
	I viewed some of the tutorial videos on how to make a chat program to refresh my memory and to clear up any confusion.
	I cleared up confusion about why a do-while loop and try-catch statements are needed. I looked at the server-side code
	and saw if there was anything that didn't make sense to me.
	My goal for tomorrow is to watch the client-side tutorials.
Day 7: 5/12/17
	Goal: Today, I will watch the client-side tutorials.
	I watched some tutorials on the client-side. I looked up how to read and write files in Java, since that will be
	needed if one wants to send messages over the chat program. I was more clear about objectInputStream and
	objectOutputStream. Sending images is common in a messaging program, such as emojis or uploaded images, so I will
	see how to make it happen.
	My goal for Monday is to find how to send images over the chat program.
Day 8: 5/15/17
	Goal: Today, I will look up the JFileChooser.
	I watched some videos on JFileChooser and tried to understand the code that was in the videos. I looked up how to read
	and write images in Java. I saw many useful stackoverflow pages about sending images through sockets and sending
	images from the client to server. This included some examples and advice. Watching videos on setting up the client and
	server portions of the chat program helped my understanding.
	My goal for tomorrow is to start coding using the JFileChooser first.
